Encourage custom metrics over response_body (#164)
HTTPArchive/har.fyi: src/content/docs/reference/tables/requests.mdx

Text-based response body

:::note

> There is lots of extracted information in the [custom metrics](/reference/structs/custom-metrics/), which are custom pieces of JavaScript run during the crawl to extra information from the page.

Author: ```suggestion
There are lots of extracted information in the [custom metrics](/reference/structs/custom-metrics/), which are custom pieces of JavaScript run during the crawl to extra information from the page.
```

> There are lots of extracted information in the [custom metrics](/reference/structs/custom-metrics/), which are custom pieces of JavaScript run during the crawl to extra information from the page.

Author: ```suggestion
There is lots of extracted information in the [custom metrics](/reference/structs/custom-metrics/), which are custom pieces of JavaScript run during the crawl to extra information from the page.
```

> Always check that before reverting to `response_body` which is slow, does not include the rendered DOM after JavaScript runs, and is expensive to query.

Author: ```suggestion
Always check if the information you need exists there before using the `response_body` column. Using the custom metrics from the `pages` table is likely less brittle than attempting to use regular expressions on HTML, includes the rendered DOM after JavaScript runs, is much cheaper to query, and so is considerably faster to get back results.
```

> Always check if the information you need exists there before using the `response_body` column. Using the custom metrics from the `pages` table is likely less brittle than attempting to use regular expressions on HTML, includes the rendered DOM after JavaScript runs, is much cheaper to query, and so is considerably faster to get back results.

Author: ```suggestion
Check the custom metrics before falling back to `response_body`. Custom metrics include the post-JavaScript DOM, are far less brittle than regexing HTML, and are significantly faster and cheaper to query.
```
